SRVOCF-290: Add docs on function project configuration in func.yaml (#34442)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-functions-func-yaml-environment-variables.adoc

[id="serverless-functions-func-yaml-environment-variables_{context}"]
= Referencing environment variables from func.yaml fields

> In any of the fields in `func.yaml`, you can put a reference to an environment variable available in the local environment. This can be useful for avoiding storing sensitive information such as an API key in the function configuration.

Reviewer: Maybe better confirm with  @zroubalik if this can be applied to any field. I tried that with other fields as `namespace` or on annotations, and it did not work.

Author: @zroubalik Do you think we should change the text from:
  In any of the fields in `func.yaml`, you can put a reference
to
  Anywhere in the `envs` field of `func.yaml`, you can put a reference

> In any of the fields in `func.yaml`, you can put a reference to an environment variable available in the local environment. This can be useful for avoiding storing sensitive information such as an API key in the function configuration.

Reviewer 2: The whole sentence is a little bit wrong. The section is about defining environment variables for the deployed function (container) (Kubernetes concept: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/)

Referencing a local environment variables (those that are present on developers laptop) and setting these as Kubernetes environment variables is just one type of usecase, ie `{{ env:ENV_VAR }}` described below

Reviewer 2: Okay, it is a little bit confusing. The section should be named `Referencing local environment variables from func.yaml fields`

And this part is sort of duplicate of item #2 in `envs` section of this doc: https://deploy-preview-34442--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/serverless/functions/serverless-functions-yaml#envs

Author: Changed the title, but what about the first sentence?

You are right about the duplication, but IMO it would be misleading to _not_ include the second item inside the `envs` section, we don't want an incomplete list there.

> In any of the fields in `func.yaml`, you can put a reference to an environment variable available in the local environment. This can be useful for avoiding storing sensitive information such as an API key in the function configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the `envs` field of `func.yaml`, you can put a reference to an environment variable available in the local environment. This can be useful for avoiding storing sensitive information such as an API key in the function configuration.
```
Something like this works imho^, but feel free to polish it. This local env is only applicable to `envs` field.

Can we link this section in the item 2 in the `envs` section? Something like "for more details please refere to..." etc

Author: Thanks, used your wording and linked from item 2 (let's hope it passes the peer review).

Reviewer 2: @rh-max I don't see the link anywhere in the PR?

Author: @zroubalik Gah, sorry, push failed due to some accepted suggestions. It's here now: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/34442/commits/0e1c7a2c3c513645971c5316950f520d7d2f37bb (No actual link is by design - remember that we can't link from anywhere except "Additional resources" :/ )
